I am still learning about this 
AIDS stands for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. It is the later stage of HIV infection. It is a condition in which a group of symptoms appear as the immune system becomes very weak.
HIV stands for Human Immuno-deficiency Virus. HIV after entering the human body gradually destroys the immune system, i.e. the ability to fight infections/diseases. 
Maybe,it depends on whether the syringe is used or new
Stopping injection and other drug use can lower your chances of getting or transmitting HIV a lot. 
An HIV-infected mother can infect the child in her womb through her blood. The baby is more at risk if the mother has been recently infected or is in an advanced stage of AIDS.
Yes,An HIV-infected mother can infect the child in her womb through her blood. The baby is more at risk if the mother has been recently infected or is in an advanced stage of AIDS.
No,Sitting with your friend is completely harmless. AIDS does not spread through touch. Touching, coughing, even sweat cannot transmit HIV.
No,Sitting with your friend is completely harmless. AIDS does not spread through touch. Touching, coughing, even sweat cannot transmit HIV.
No,Sitting with your friend is completely harmless. AIDS does not spread through touch. Touching, coughing, even sweat cannot transmit HIV.
HIV is not casually transmitted, so kissing on the cheek is very safe. Even if the other person has the virus, your unbroken skin is a good barrier. 
Open-mouth kissing is considered a very low-risk activity for the transmission of HIV. 
HIV is found only in body fluids, so you cannot get HIV by shaking someone’s hand or giving them a hug (or by using the same toilet or towel). While HIV is found in saliva, sharing cups or utensils has never been shown to transmit HIV.
No, Insects cannot transmit HIV. Research has shown that HIV does not replicate or survive well in insects. HIV does not reproduce or live in the mosquito’s saliva. 
Yes. Sexually Transmitted Infection (STI) can increase a person's risk of becoming infected with HIV five to eight times more. 
You can get or transmit HIV only through specific activities. Most commonly, people get or transmit HIV through sexual behaviors and needle or syringe use.
HIV does not survive long outside the human body (such as on surfaces), and it cannot reproduce outside a human host.
Yes. In fact, anal sex is the riskiest type of sex for getting or transmitting HIV.
Yes. Either partner can get HIV through vaginal sex, though it is less risky for getting HIV than receptive anal sex.
The chance that an HIV-negative person will get HIV from oral sex with an HIV-positive partner is extremely low.
Yes. Having another sexually transmitted disease (STD) can increase the risk of getting or transmitting HIV.
Yes, as an HIV-positive person’s viral load goes down, the chance of transmitting HIV goes down.
Yes. Your risk for getting HIV is very high if you use needles or works (such as cookers, cotton, or water) after someone with HIV has used them.
When you’re drunk or high, you’re more likely to make decisions that put you at risk for HIV, such as having sex without a condom.
Yes. This is called HIV superinfection.
The risk of health care workers being exposed to HIV on the job (occupational exposure) is very low, especially if they use protective practices and personal protective equipment to prevent HIV and other blood-borne infections.
Although HIV transmission is possible in health care settings, it is extremely rare.
No. HIV isn’t transmitted
There are no known cases in the United States of anyone getting HIV this way. However, it is possible to get HIV from a reused or not properly sterilized tattoo or piercing needle or other equipment, or from contaminated ink.
No. HIV isn’t spread through saliva, and there is no risk of transmission from scratching because no body fluids are transferred between people.
No. HIV is not transmitted by mosquitoes, ticks, or any other insects.
You can’t get HIV from consuming food handled by an HIV-infected person. 
Case reports of female-to-female transmission of HIV are rare.
Some groups of people in the United States are more likely to get HIV than others because of many factors, including the status of their sex partners, their risk behaviors, and where they live.
CDC recommends that everyone between the ages of 13 and 64 get tested for HIV at least once as part of routine health care. About 1 in 7 people in the United States who have HIV don’t know they have it.
The only way to know for sure whether you have HIV is to get tested.
CDC recommends that everyone between the ages of 13 and 64 get tested for HIV at least once as part of routine health care, and more often if you do things that might increase your risk for getting HIV.
All pregnant women should be tested for HIV so that they can begin treatment if they’re HIV-positive. If a woman is treated for HIV early in her pregnancy, the risk of transmitting HIV to her baby can be very low.
There are three types of tests available: nucleic acid tests (NAT), antigen/antibody tests, and antibody tests. HIV tests are typically performed on blood or oral fluid. They may also be performed on urine.
No HIV test can detect HIV immediately after infection. 
You can ask your health care provider for an HIV test. Many medical clinics, substance abuse programs, community health centers, and hospitals offer them too.
If you take a test in a health care setting, when it’s time to take the test, a health care provider will take your sample (blood or oral fluid), and you may be able to wait for the results if it’s a rapid HIV test. 
A negative result doesn’t necessarily mean that you don’t have HIV.
No. Your HIV test result reveals only your HIV status.
A follow-up test will be conducted. If the follow-up test is also positive, it means you are living with HIV (or HIV-positive).
No. Being HIV-positive does not mean you have AIDS. 
If you take an anonymous test, no one but you will know the result. 
It’s important to share your status with your sex partners.
HIV screening is covered by health insurance without a co-pay, as required by the Affordable Care Act.
If you have health insurance, your insurer is required to cover some medicines used to treat HIV. 
Protect yourself. Learn about PrEP (Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis) and how it works in this short video.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (or PrEP) is when people at very high risk for HIV take HIV medicines daily to lower their chances of getting infected.
For those at very high risk for HIV, PrEP can significantly reduce your risk of HIV infection if taken daily.
No. PrEP does not work the same way as a vaccine.
PrEP is for people without HIV who are at very high risk for getting it from sex or injection drug use. 
Studies have shown that PrEP reduces the risk of getting HIV from sex by more than 90% when used consistently. 
PrEP can cause side effects like nausea in some people, but these generally subside over time. No serious side effects have been observed, and these side effects aren’t life threatening.
PrEP can be prescribed only by a health care provider, so talk to yours to find out if PrEP is the right HIV prevention strategy for you. 
lease see the brochure Talk to Your Doctor About PrEP
The cost of PrEP is covered by many health insurance plans, and a commercial medication assistance program provides free PrEP to people with limited income and no insurance to cover PrEP care.
No, you should not stop using condoms because you are taking PrEP.
You must take PrEP daily for it to work. But there are several reasons people stop taking PrEP. 
When taken every day, PrEP is safe and highly effective in preventing HIV infection. PrEP reaches maximum protection from HIV for receptive anal sex at about 7 days of daily use. 
In people who are HIV-negative and have taken PrEP for up to 5 years, no significant health effects have been seen.
PrEP (pre-exposure prophylaxis) is only for people who are at ongoing very high risk of HIV infection.
Visit the PrEP Locator to find a PrEP provider near you.
Visit the CDC PrEP resources page for infographics, videos, fact sheets, reports, and other educational materials about PrEP, including resources for health care providers.
PEP stands for post-exposure prophylaxis. It means taking antiretroviral medicines (ART) after being potentially exposed to HIV to prevent becoming infected.
If you’re HIV-negative or don’t know your HIV status, and in the last 72 hours you
PEP should be considered if you’ve had a recent possible exposure to HIV at work. Report your exposure to your supervisor, and seek medical attention immediately.
PEP must be started within 72 hours after a possible exposure. The sooner you start PEP, the better; every hour counts.
PEP is safe but may cause side effects like nausea in some people. These side effects can be treated and aren’t life-threatening.
Your health care provider or an emergency room doctor can prescribe PEP. Talk to them right away if you think you’ve recently been exposed to HIV.
If you’re prescribed PEP after a sexual assault, you may qualify for partial or total reimbursement for medicines and clinical care costs through the Office for Victims of Crime, funded by the US Department of Justice
PEP should be used only in emergency situations.
Yes. Abstinence means not having oral, vaginal, or anal sex. 
Use condoms the right way every time you have sex, take medicines to prevent or treat HIV if appropriate, choose less risky sexual behaviors, get tested for other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), 
In general, there is little to no risk of getting or transmitting HIV from oral sex. Theoretically, transmission of HIV is possible if an HIV-positive man ejaculates in his partner’s mouth during oral sex. 
If you use them the right way every time you have sex, condoms are highly effective in preventing HIV infection.
Yes, because lubricants can help prevent condoms from breaking or slipping.
Circumcised men are less likely than uncircumcised men to get HIV from HIV-positive female partners, but circumcision doesn’t decrease their risk as much as other prevention options. 
If you are at very high risk for HIV from sex or injecting drugs, taking HIV medicines daily, called pre-exposure prophylaxis (or PrEP), can greatly reduce your risk of HIV infection. 
Yes. Taking medicine after being potentially exposed to HIV, called post-exposure prophylaxis (or PEP), can keep you from becoming infected. 
No. There is currently no vaccine that will prevent HIV infection or treat those who have it.
No. Microbicides are gels, films, or suppositories that can kill or neutralize viruses and bacteria.
There are many actions you can take to lower your risk of transmitting HIV to a partner. 
If you have HIV, the most important thing you can do is to take medicines to treat HIV infection (called antiretroviral therapy or ART) the right way, every day.
In 2014, there were an estimated 37,600 new HIV infections—down from 45,700 in 2008.*
In 2016, 39,782 people received an HIV diagnosis. The annual number of new diagnoses declined by 5% from 2011 to 2015.
An estimated 1.1 million people in the United States were living with HIV at the end of 2015, the most recent year for which this information is available. 
CDC estimates the number of people living with HIV (called prevalence) by using a scientific model. 
If we look at HIV infections* by transmission category, we see that gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men are most at risk. In 2014, gay and bisexual men accounted for 70% of all new HIV infections. 
Yes. In the United States, 6,721 people died from HIV and AIDS in 2014. HIV remains a significant cause of death for certain populations. In 2014, it was the 8th leading cause of death for those aged 25-34 and 9th for those aged 35-44.
Yes. HIV is largely an urban disease, with most cases occurring in metropolitan areas with 500,000 or more people. 
HIV disease continues to be a serious health issue for parts of the world. Worldwide, there were about 1.8 million new cases of HIV in 2016. About 36.7 million people were living with HIV around the world in 2016, and 19.5 million of them were receiving medicines to treat HIV, called antiretroviral therapy (ART).
No. Being diagnosed with HIV does not mean a person will also be diagnosed with AIDS. Healthcare professionals diagnose AIDS only when people with HIV infection begin to get severe opportunistic infections (OIs), or their CD4cell counts fall below a certain level.
HIV can be transmitted through: Unprotected sex with an HIV infected person; Transfusion of HIV infected blood or blood products; Sharing of needles contaminated with HIV infected blood
HIV generally affects people at the most productive age, leading to premature death thereby severely affecting the socio-economic structure of whole families, communities and countries.
A risk of HIV transmission does exist if instruments contaminated with blood are either not sterilized or disinfected or are used inappropriately between clients. It is recommended that instruments that are intended to penetrate the skin be used once, then disposed of or thoroughly cleaned and sterilized.
At the start of every intravenous injecting episode, blood from the vein is drawn in for confirmation and thus blood is introduced into needles and syringes. 
Yes, it is possible for either sex partner to become infected with HIV during anal sex. HIV can be found in the blood, semen, pre-seminal fluid, or vaginal fluid of a person infected with HIV virus. 
Studies have shown that latex condoms are highly effective in preventing HIV transmission when used correct and consistently. 
By practicing safe sex (Safe sex involves the correct use of a condom during each sexual encounter and also includes non-penetrative sex.
If within 72 hours since the condom broke, you may be able to take medication that could keep you from getting infected with HIV, even if your partner is HIV-positive. 
Yes. The virus has been found in the breast milk in low concentrations and studies have shown that, 10 to 15% children born to HIV-infected mothers can get HIV infection through breast milk. 
 Donor's responsibility: Only healthy persons must enrol as blood donors. Anyone at risk for HIV/ AIDS or already positive for HIV or other TTI should permanently defer himself from donating blood. 
The normal HIV blood tests detect the presence of antibodies in human body, which take about 6-12 weeks (upto 6 months in some cases) after infection to form in the body in detectable quantity.
A patient with STI is at increased risk (5 to 8 times)of acquiring and transmitting HIV infection.
Sexually Transmitted Infections (STI)/ Reproductive Tract Infections (RTI) are defined as any infection that spread primarily through person to person sexual contact and any infection that are located in reproductive tract.
While there is no cure, effective Anti-Retroviral Treatment (ART) drugs are available which can prolong the life of an HIV positive person, thus enhance the quality of life as well.
Young persons can spread the message not only to their peers and to younger children, but also to their families and the community.
Sometimes people with HIV/AIDS have been evicted from their lodgings and rejected by their family or friends.
We can offer support by joining in the fight against reducing HIV/AIDS related Stigma and discrimination.
 It is important to realize that AIDS is the concern of each one of us as anyone of us is at risk. 
Both men and women share the responsibility for avoiding behaviour that might lead to HIV infection. 
 Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease caused by a Bacterium, Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
 TB is spread through the air by a person suffering from TB. A single patient can infect 10 or more people in a year if not treated.
Cough for two weeks or more, sometimes with blood-streaked sputum,Fever, especially at night>=2 weeks, Weight loss,Night sweat
HIV is the strongest risk factor for tuberculosis among adults.