nknsavbn
can i get hiv by using syringe
What is HIV?
How can I prevent getting HIV from drug use?
How does a mother transmit HIV to her unborn child?
Can a mother transmit HIV to her unborn child?
can hiv spread through sweat
can hiv spread through kissing
can hiv spread through water
Can I get HIV from kissing on the cheek?
Can I get HIV from open-mouth kissing?
Can I get AIDS from sharing a cup or shaking hands with someone who has HIV or AIDS?
Can HIV be transmitted through an insect bite?
Is there a connection between HIV and other sexually transmitted infection?
How is HIV passed from one person to another? 
How well does HIV survive outside the body?
Can I get HIV from anal sex?
Can I get HIV from vaginal sex?
Can I get HIV from oral sex?
Is there a connection between HIV and other sexually transmitted infections?
Does my HIV-positive partner’s viral load affect my risk of getting HIV? 
Can I get HIV from injecting drugs?
Can I get HIV from using other kinds of drugs?
If I already have HIV, can I get another kind of HIV?
Are health care workers at risk of getting HIV on the job?
Can I get HIV from receiving medical care?
Can I get HIV from casual contact (“social kissing,” shaking hands, hugging, using a toilet, drinking from the same glass, or the sneezing and coughing of an infected person)?
Can I get HIV from a tattoo or a body piercing?
Can I get HIV from being spit on or scratched by an HIV-infected person?
Can I get HIV from mosquitoes?
Can I get HIV from food?
Are lesbians or other women who have sex with women at risk for HIV?
Is the risk of HIV different for different people?
Should I get tested for HIV? 
How can testing help me?
I don't believe I am at high risk. Why should I get tested?
I am pregnant. Why should I get tested?
What kinds of tests are available, and how do they work?
How soon after an exposure to HIV can an HIV test detect if I am infected? 
Where can I get tested? 
What should I expect when I go in for an HIV test? 
What does a negative test result mean?
If I have a negative result, does that mean that my partner is HIV-negative also?
What does a positive result mean?
If I test positive for HIV, does that mean I have AIDS?
Will other people know my test result? 
Should I share my positive test result with others?
Who  will pay for my HIV test?
Who will pay for my treatment if I am HIV-positive?
Video Introductions to PrEP
What is PrEP?
Why take PrEP?
Is PrEP a vaccine?
Should I consider taking PrEP?
How well does PrEP work?
Is PrEP safe?  
How can I start PrEP?
How do I speak to my doctor or other health care provider about PrEP?
How can I get help to pay for PrEP?
If I take PrEP, can I stop using condoms when I have sex?
How long do I need to take PrEP?
How long do I have to take PrEP before it is effective?
Does taking PrEP long-term have harmful health effects?
Can you start PrEP after you have been exposed to HIV?
How can I locate PrEP in my area?
Where can I find resources about PrEP?
What is PEP?
Is PEP right for me?
I’m a health care worker, and I think I’ve been exposed to HIV at work. Should I take PEP?
When should I take PEP?
Does PEP have any side effects?
Where can I get PEP?
How can I pay for PEP?
Can I take a round of PEP every time I have unprotected sex?
Is abstinence the only 100% effective HIV prevention option?
How can I prevent getting HIV from anal or vaginal sex?
How can I prevent getting HIV from oral sex? 
How well do condoms prevent HIV? 
Can using a lubricant help reduce my HIV risk?
Can male circumcision prevent HIV?
Can I take medicines to prevent getting HIV? 
Can I take medicines to prevent HIV after exposure?
Can I get vaccinated to prevent HIV?
Can I use microbicides to prevent HIV?
If I am living with HIV, how can I prevent passing it to others?
How can I prevent passing HIV to my baby?
How many new HIV infections are there each year in the United States?
How many people are diagnosed with HIV each year in the United States?
How many people are living with HIV in the United States?
How does CDC know the number of people living with HIV if some of those people are unaware of their status?
How does HIV affect different groups of people?
Do people still die from HIV?
Do some parts of the country have more HIV than other parts?
What about HIV around the world?
What is AIDS? 
Do all people with HIV have AIDS?
How do people get infected with HIV?
Why the HIV  AIDS epidemic is considered so serious?
Can I get HIV from getting a tattoo or through body piercing?
Why is injecting drug use a risk for HIV?
Will I get HIV from anal sex?
How effective are latex condoms in preventing HIV?
How can I avoid being infected through sex?
I had sex with someone and the condom broke. I think I could be at risk for HIV? What should I do?
Can HIV be transmitted through breast-feeding and what can be done?
How can HIV transmission through blood transfusion be prevented? 
What is the window period?
Why is early and complete treatment of STI important?
What are Sexually Transmitted infections? What are their symptoms in men &amp; women?
Is there a treatment available for HIV AIDS?
Why should young people be concerned about HIV AIDS?
Why is it important to tell people to fight AIDS &amp; not people living with HIV AIDS?
What support can I give a person who is living with HIV AIDS?
How can we win the war against HIV AIDS?
Can we assume responsibility in preventing HIV infection?
What is Tuberculosis (TB)?
How is tuberculosis caused?
What are the symptoms of tuberculosis?
What is relation between TUBERCULOSIS AND HIV?

